(upbeat music)
Yeah, episode 33.
Woo-woo.
And judging by the stats,
we have a lot of new listeners.
Mm.
Welcome and sorry.
Sorry.
Yeah, this is mostly apologies.
And somehow you all have fallen down
this dark dank rabbit hole with us.
They need to take a look in the mirror
and ask themselves where they went wrong.
Yeah, how did you end up here?
Right, right.
Because.
Right, in the dumpster.
Yeah.
Piping hot trash.
Oh, we do here's each shipping fees
from swapping out modules.
And just bitch about electron.
Yeah.
It's welcome.
Actually, I don't think we have anything
about electron this time.
So yeah, yeah, we do.
Do we?
Oh, we do.
Well, I thought you were gonna talk about the machine drum.
The machine drum for a more.
I have a chance to install it.
I'm still wrapping my head around the X dot 04
that we talked about last time.
I haven't even had a chance to install five.
I'm excited to, but that'll be another episode, I think.
Okay, sure.
You can go home electron.
You can fuck out of your electron.
Fuck out of the room.
Tired talking about you.
So without, without electron,
what could we possibly talk about?
Is there anything else?
That's not true.
We all, we have copious notes.
It's October.
Yeah, we have a, we have copious notes each of us.
Mm hmm.
Besides, you know, that being spooky month.
And, you know, pumpkin spice to everything.
From your craft beer to your CBD infused cookies.
Mm hmm.
Yes.
You know, it's a month of anticipation and excitement.
Mm hmm.
If you're into gear and modulars day.
October follows up knob con.
That's true.
And super booth.
Mm hmm.
Exciting times day.
Were those both pumpkin spiced?
They were as artificially spicy and pumpkin-y as can be.
As far as pumpkin spice is concerned.
Mm hmm.
Like where are you?
Are you a fan of the pumpkin-spiced insert object?
No.
Not at all.
I can drink one of them.
Like a 4121 they had a pumpkin spice.
They're like, no, this one's good.
I tried it and it was good.
I won't get it again.
I like the taste of pumpkin pie.
And in autumn, I will usually indulge
in a pumpkin pie or two.
Yeah.
That's where I get my pumpkin delight from.
I don't really like anything else, man.
I've tried.
I'm just like that.
Yeah.
I don't understand it.
I mean, don't get me wrong.
I love the fall.
I love Halloween.
Love October in particular.
But the pumpkin spice thing, I just, I don't know.
Never understood.
I like seeing all the normal people act a little bit
spooky and gothy for a month.
Yeah.
You know, that's cool.
You don't think they're posers.
Everyone's got a little bit of goth inside them somewhere.
It's nice to see them let it out.
Yeah.
It's acceptable for a month.
But pumpkin spice thing, I don't understand where that comes from.
I mean, it's a way to sell shit.
Yeah.
I mean, that's the cynical view of it.
And as someone basically, I may have mentioned this
in a previous episode, but like Halloween's really the only
holiday I celebrate.
Everything else is trash.
Like it's proper goth.
Yeah, yeah.
And to be clear, everyday is Halloween for me.
Exactly.
But more specifically--
Thank you.
Bump, bump, bump.
But more specifically, October, I feel, as if that whole month
really encapsulates everything that I love about it.
The problem I've been having, and you sort of touched on a little bit
there, is finding a good pumpkin beer.
Yeah, I'm off that.
There used to be pretty good ones that were disgustingly
filled with spice and sugar, and it just tasted like pumpkin
and beer.
And now everything is just--
like basically could come from Starbucks.
Yeah, I don't think I can go there again with the pumpkin
spice beer.
Yeah, I can't.
And I'm thinking actually, too, now that I think about it,
maybe pumpkin spice is the scariest thing about October,
because it's just wretched.
Yeah.
It's the thing that you find in that little piece of obsidian
that you think is your soul.
Like when it gets cold out, and you see a scary movie,
and you feel good about yourself again, but you are afraid.
Don't know why.
Take a sip of that pumpkin spice latte.
Curl up on the sofa.
Fucking die.
Jesus.
That just came out.
I heard the new Halloween movie is coming out soon,
and Michael Myers doesn't use a butcher knife anymore.
What?
No.
He uses pumpkin spice latte from Starbucks.
You have him for a second.
I can't believe he uses like--
he has safety scissors.
That was the best part of that.
Was watching you run like leaning in.
Wait, what the hell?
Just throws lukewarm latte at you from Starbucks.
Oh, god.
As you're walking down the street,
it's calling your name like a barista at Starbucks.
Your order is up.
Drave, drave, here's your drink.
The cup says drave on the side, even though you said dave.
Very clearly.
Good.
Yeah, October.
October.
Yeah, it's happening.
And my other complaint about October--
I mean, I got a lot of complaints about everything--
is it's so fucking warm.
Oh, yeah.
This is not my October.
Still very much summer weather right now.
The leaves haven't even dropped.
Now, like most of them haven't turned.
I was in Virginia.
Most of those shits were green or like poisoned, like not good.
And they were like, yeah, it's all fucked up,
because of weather.
I'm kind of happy about that, though.
Because we're going down to West Virginia in a few weeks.
And last, I think, two times we went on air.
We missed the leaves changing the wind storms,
just kind of blew them off before we could see them
to point the fall.
And this time, it seems like since we're changing slowly,
there might still be--
it might be a nice display for us.
You found the incredibly micro-thin silver lining
to global warming.
Is that it'll be convenient for a vacation
that we're going on.
A couple years back.
I think it was about four years back.
It was exceptionally warm, even like this.
And I went down to the mountains in November.
And the leaves were still on the trees,
and we're still colorful.
And it was awesome.
Yeah.
Because, yeah, I don't know.
I just like to see that.
It's my favorite time to go down there.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, to learn to stand.
And it sucks to go down there and just see everything.
Just bear trees.
It's like, what?
See that?
I understand what you're saying.
And I do love the good--
the changing of the leaves and the colors and all that stuff.
I'm also a huge fan of just barren trees
against a gray background.
Oh, yeah.
That is my shit.
It's cold out in my go-out side,
and like I breathe in a big lung full of cold brisk air.
And I look out and there's just death for 50 miles
in every direction.
That is kind of my shit.
See, if all leaves change and dude,
I don't know, just trigger something in my brain.
Like puts me in a certain state of mind.
And I can only get into like once a year.
Yeah, agreed.
What do we talk about, modules and--
It's October, so now we get to look forward to all of the shit
that was announced, knob con, super booth.
It won't be out for months and months.
Yeah, do we get in 2025?
Yeah.
Coming out and end of fourth quarter, 2022.
But we get to see it now in October, Dave.
Yeah.
The lead time in the past had always been like a couple months.
But that was still always a little bit like, ah, I want it now.
And now it's like, fuck, I just hope this ever gets made.
Yeah.
It's the one thing Barandrick kind of fucked up
is like, does that shit even exist?
I think a lot of people just gave up
trying to see if that 909 or 808 is going to come out.
Yeah.
Maybe they are.
Who fucking knows?
The cheapest years ago.
Who even cares?
Like the hype train left the station
for years ago at this point.
I saw some people got some of the barbs, apparently.
But I'm like, what did they have?
Like, five of them, and that's it for another six months.
Yeah.
There are a couple of those out there.
I've seen some videos come out from people.
Like, ebotronics had two of the meanies, I guess.
Wow.
OK.
Good for him.
I wonder how many things we've had to go back to the drawing
board, because I mean, a friend of the podcast,
Russ from Ebiton was telling us that one of the designs he
was working on, the chip for it, discontinued.
Right.
That's unobtainium.
Yeah.
So now he has to go back and figure out
how to do this with a different chip.
And hopefully, that one doesn't magically become
unavailable.
Like, yeah, it's real.
Yeah.
So I mean, it's not just a simple shortage,
but now this is done.
That was one thing that was kind of puzzling to me.
It was how much new stuff was announced.
And I'm like, really?
Yeah.
All right.
Is there just going to be six of these in existence?
Right.
Yeah.
So it's hard to get hyped up when you know that everything
that we just saw announced is going to be months down the road.
And we have no idea what the availability is going to be
even when it is officially released.
Right.
Yeah.
I mean, it's like, I feel like everything's just going to be out
of stock.
And it's like, we have no idea how many are actually going
to be available.
Do you think this is the result of everyone being
in quarantine for the last 18 months?
And a lot of these designers sitting there going like, OK,
now's my chance to dive in and design these and finish
these and actually get them probably through prototype
and actually into quasi production.
So it does seem like there was a huge explosion of all
of these people going, here's all the stuff I've been working on.
And because it was like two, three years ago,
where we're discussing the lack of innovation that we were seeing.
True.
You know, like, and the lack of new stuff being announced
at like, knob con, man, super booth.
It just seemed like a lot of the same old, same old for a couple
of years.
And then also this year, it was just like, glam.
Yeah.
There's a lot of interesting shit being announced.
Yeah, there was that shortage.
But somehow we're all beeds up now, too.
Yeah.
Because that seemed a year later.
For a while.
Yeah, I guess that it's been a full year.
Wow.
I did the pre-order for it.
It was about a year ago.
Yeah.
I put that in my notes.
Like, it's taken us all a year to get beads finally.
Yeah.
Because I think I canceled my original pre-order in February
when I was like, this is just not happening.
And us getting them recently was actually, I think, just pure luck.
Right.
Because it was sold out two days later from where we got ours.
And everywhere else, it's still on pre-order once again.
So I think we just got lucky with our purchasing timing.
I was taking a look around at knob con.
And it didn't seem like there was as many announcements
or just really that many people at knob con.
So does anybody actually have any notes from that event?
A little bit.
Yeah.
Not many.
Just-- I mean, I guess it's worth mentioning.
We didn't go this year, which is probably like the first--
well, aside from last year, because it didn't exist.
It's the first one that they had that we didn't go to.
We didn't go to, yeah.
But people did go.
It did happen.
I saw pictures and videos coming out from it.
The most noteworthy thing I took away from it
was the industrial music electronics announcements.
That's all I really took away from it.
Aside from seeing other stuff, that's
what I remember from the videos.
That's what I wanted to see.
We finally caught a glimpse of Volkmeyer's Inferno.
Scott's take on a granular synth.
And also, Stilson Hammer Mark III prototype,
the sequencer, which I'm kind of excited about.
But not a whole lot of info.
Like, I don't even think we know when Volkmeyer's going
to be out.
No.
But it looks cool.
Yeah.
And I'm excited for more details.
The--
The Andre 2.
Yeah, and the--
Yeah, the single Andre.
Andre Jr. Yeah.
Yeah, it's-- yeah.
Like, I pull up the notes here from Nopon,
people who were there, who talked to Scott,
so you know, features are still unknown.
Which is surprising, at least for the Andre,
because the prototype was a couple years old now.
Yeah.
We have the parameters that we can see on the prototype,
but those might change.
We have controls for pitch, speed, start, and sample--
or start and for the sample, density, size, variation,
alt, random feedback.
So some of these sound a little familiar to the time Safari.
So I wonder if Volkmeyer's just kind of like a time
Safari on steroids, more granular-based--
because you could kind of get granular with the time Safari.
You could definitely do time stretching and shit like that.
If you modulated it properly, but you were only
messing with one grain.
Aside from that, I didn't see much from Nopon that really caught
my eye.
Same here.
It seemed like a lot of people waited for Superbooths to make.
Yeah.
And it's meant--
Definitely.
But before we dip into like Superbooth shit,
Nicky brought up beads.
Should we dip into beads?
Because now we all recently caught one
with Labor Day coupon codes.
Finally got one.
Do we really want to blow this up and let people know
that these coupon codes are still working?
I mean, I guess they're probably figuring out,
because they're not going to use much money, but like--
I feel like the retailer that we purchase from
doesn't give anything to us.
We don't have any coupon codes.
We don't have any kickbacks.
So I'm not really inclined to give them a shout out, personally.
I don't want them to fix it is what I'm thinking.
Oh, exactly.
Like, I don't want to blow up our spot.
Yeah, that's the thing.
There is sometimes where I swear I've bought something.
And I was like, I know that they look at that order.
And they're like, god damn it.
Because it's like a brand new thing
that you just got $60 off of or something like that.
I love coupon codes.
I love digging up coupon for everything
that I buy online now.
Yeah, same.
You find one that's like several months old
that they forgot to delete and still works.
It's like, yeah, it's such a rush.
I'm sticking it to the man.
Do you flip physical coupons for grocery stores or something?
No, but I feel like this is the equivalent.
Yeah, it's a game.
I'm a queue code clipper.
Wait, what were we talking about?
We'd cycle it out.
There's some weird shit there.
But I forget where we came from.
Coupon codes.
Yeah, coupon codes and beads.
Thank you.
Coupon codes and beads.
So not only did we all get beads,
we got out of discount.
We did.
Yeah.
Labor Day coupons.
It's a delicious module, I'll say.
As somebody who had a couple clouds iterations
and ended up banding them all,
I really liked the interface a lot more.
It makes a lot more sense to me.
I like the seed and the clocked input
and the delay mode to always stick out to me.
And I'm getting a lot more from it than I was.
Clouds for a while.
It seems like YouTube had more luck
or at least more time with monsoon and clouds
than I have in more success.
Yeah, I skipped clouds entirely at first.
Not out of any sort of animosity or anything.
Look at all some ways.
I just didn't have a space.
There was a million reasons.
And then--
I remember telling you you had to get a monsoon at one point.
Exactly.
And so then I jumped on monsoon.
And it's not left my case since.
It has a million uses.
And beads, because it doesn't have the sort of parasite
alternate modes, isn't necessarily as versatile as monsoon
for these different things you can do.
But what it does, I think it nails
and is getting a lot more out of it
than the base firmware version or the base functionality
that monsoon had.
I think at one point I even made a bold declaration
that I'm going to get rid of my monsoon when I get beads.
And now that is definitely not true.
I'm keeping the place for both.
New York, you know?
Yeah, I remember.
I think it's part of our tradition of bold declarations
that we later take back.
This was mine.
I'd like the clarity of it a lot compared to clouds,
which was I felt I would get smudgy things out of clouds
that didn't play to what I was trying to do maybe.
So yeah, it's been a nice go-to.
I need to spice something up a little non-typical effects way.
And I really didn't realize just how much I was going to enjoy
those sort of random attenuator.
I almost don't know if I like the randomization.
Really a ten-year-furgers as much after having it for a little.
Because it's hard to like kind of turn it off cleanly.
And I don't want its presence a lot.
I was going to touch on that as well.
I remember a few episodes back when we kind of did an overview
when beads was announced.
I think I called the Tenureandomizer's Brilliant.
Yeah.
And now that I have the module and I've spent some time with it,
that's too much praise.
I think it's a good concept.
Would you like it better if there was an easier way to just turn it off
and it just begun?
First off, I think those knobs should have a center,
a detent, whatever, just so that, yeah, it would lock in place
when you're at the 12 o'clock mark.
And you know that it's not applying any random series.
So it does seem to be some give there.
There's a bit of a blind spot before it takes effect,
but still it would be nice to have a very, you know,
a spot with no doubt.
Yeah.
I have some other minor complaints as well that I could do.
See, I don't know.
First off, this is announced as like a mutable instrument's final module.
You know what I mean?
I think it was probably the most hyped up sequel.
And in that regard, I feel like it kind of falls a little flat.
I feel like as like a grand finale, there needs to be more.
You know what I mean?
Like you were saying, I've owned a couple of different versions of clouds
and a couple of different monsoons.
At one point, I had three in my rack at a time.
The original clouds and all of its variations rather be monsoons
or typhoons or whatever the fuck.
And whatever firmware, it feels like it's always been a Swiss Army knife for me.
Yeah.
For processing.
Right.
This does not feel like a Swiss Army knife.
This feels a lot more focused, which I guess is good in some ways.
Hmm.
Now, did you feel like the original clouds that just had the base firmware?
Did you have, did you still have that idea that it was a Swiss Army knife?
That's cool.
Or did that change whenever you added parasites to it?
Parasites just expands upon it.
You know, it takes what's there and takes it to like the next level.
A little bit in some regards, but it's still inherently clouds.
You know what I mean?
Like I enjoyed clouds.
The factory model, I enjoyed clouds with parasite.
In fact, at one point, I had one with both.
I had one that was running factory firmware and one that was running parasite firmware.
Right.
Um, beads kind of feels like they learned from the parasite firmware.
And I was like, okay, yeah, let's add this.
For example, the envelope grains.
Yeah.
So it's not a major improvement in my opinion, you know, for something that's considered a
sequel.
Um, now could you look at maybe instead of the, instead of looking at with that sort of grand
view, more of this is like the game of the year edition.
Basically, it's more of a refinement of all of these things that came up to this.
This is the culmination of basically every bug fix and every new feature that was added
and every conversation that they had about like, you know, what do people like and what
people are not like?
I would feel that way if it didn't take away from things.
Like even the factory version of clouds, I feel like had some things that were important
that beads lacks such as like, like what?
First thing off the top of my head is the grains.
Like you were saying how you could get smudgy with it.
Yeah.
So we're, we're particular envelope shapes that were very smudgy, very, um, diffused that
I liked.
I could use that as almost like a pseudo reverb sometimes on certain source material.
That option is not there in beads at all.
Like it's very sharp.
Even if you pick like the triangle shape on beads, it's still very, um, what's the word?
I don't want to say sharp, but very clear.
I knew it.
You know, I mean, it's like very defined.
It's very defined.
There is nothing in there that will achieve that diffused shape the clouds have that I
liked a lot, you know, um, all the shapes on beads kind of feel a little redundant to
me.
Like there's not a lot of variance between them.
Like it just goes from sharp to not quite as sharp, you know what I mean?
Like there's a little bit of attack there in the triangle one, but not nothing crazy
to me that like allows for more unique shaping of the grains.
I was like, I've liked the shape feature so far because I've been seething that and getting
like weird rhythmic shit and doing that.
But I completely know what you mean where like there was a more diffused field of the
grains and clouds, whether it was because of eight bit or 16 bit, probably not, but
maybe something like that felt like that with beads.
They feel more glassy or like clear and like the alt modes too is a big, big issue for
me.
I loved all the different modes in clouds and the fact that this doesn't have any.
I mean, you can get seamlessly in and out of delay mode, which is cool.
That is nice.
Yeah.
It's real nice, but it's different than the delay mode was in parasite or the factory
firmware and it's a little weird that you can't get into the original delay mode by any means.
And I think it's strange that they removed the other two modes as well.
Specifically the spectral FFT mode.
Yeah, absolutely loved that mode.
And I was really looking forward to see like how these other modes would evolve for beads.
And they don't exist at all.
And I think that's like a huge disappointment.
I feel like beads is just a quarter of the clouds that I know, you know what I mean?
And I was hoping to see evolve.
So I don't know.
I feel like the default granular mode, despite the lack of the diffuse mode is nice and a
good improvement.
But the fact that you can't get into these other modes is like a huge disappointment for
me personally.
Yeah, that's fair.
I do like the little color coded LED to show the audio quality selection modes.
That's nice touch.
What exactly those modes do, like even after reading the manual, I'm still not entirely
clear on.
Like I don't hear major differences between them.
It's real subtle.
Yeah, it can be.
Like the scorched cassette mode, I had high hopes for with that.
I don't hear like much differences with that.
I think I did notice some differences with how the attendee randomizers work in that
mode, which isn't explaining the manual anywhere.
If that is the case, or maybe that's just how my ears was detecting it, but it seemed
to like change the behavior of the internal LFOs a bit.
And that's an issue for me too, like the lack of explanation between the new stuff,
you know?
Do you think the manual was not?
It's not as robust as I would like it to be.
That's for sure.
I think things need further explanation to really wrap your head around it.
I agree with the modes comment.
I think what she wanted to do obviously was like focus this down into some core of it.
But I would have, like most things would have preferred an expansion or a bigger module
in general that had like spectral stuff surprised me that it wasn't integrated in there.
Because it is a big, like you said, it's a big part of the clouds being able to like
get into that mode.
I think there was too much focus on interface and not enough focus on functionality.
And you can see that through the history of the, you know, that she published, like how
the module went through different iterations before it finally became beads that we know.
And it seemed like a lot of that was just focusing on the interface and getting it down
to a nice panel layout and everything that makes sense.
And that's cool.
I do like the interface.
I think it's nice.
But I also would have been totally okay with like a slightly bigger module with a few extra
features on there, maybe a color coded button that select alternative modes, things like
that, you know what I mean?
And dedicated CV for everything like you can find on a monsoon.
Yeah.
I think the little, you know, the option to select one CV input to those three parameters.
That's actually, that was good.
That is the one that I have.
And that's my, that was the one complaint that I was going to bring up is I'd like the idea
that you can then pick between a three in the combination.
So you're not just limited to sending it to one, which I think is like a nice shortcut
around that.
Very rarely do I want to have the same CV going to those three destinations like that.
Yeah.
So having dedicated ones for each of those, if I had that choice or even like a Silicon
expansion, I would have got that right away.
Whatever the reason was to keep it to just one, being able to have selections and then
or combinations of them seem like a pretty decent workaround.
It's just not very useful for me.
Yeah.
And it's weird because that is something that you can get on a typhoon.
You know what I mean?
Like, I'm not saying she should have copied typhoons.
But like that was considered like the evolution of clouds.
To limit it to just one CV input that yeah, you can bounce around different things.
It's like why?
Just make it another couple HP bigger and then you can have dedicated input jacks for
all those parameters instead of having to choose.
Which is funny because it's again a situation where I think we all want like somewhat of
make a different cloned version of it that has more expansion.
I, you know, that was like the final conclusion I came to.
Like I enjoy beads.
It has its place in my rack right now to accompany my typhoons and clouds modules but not to
replace them.
And it's probably going to go the minute someone comes out with a third party version
of beads.
You know what I mean?
That offers and you know more interesting things or alternate modes.
There's still room for somebody to make a new granular module that covers that stuff.
So you've you've you've list like a litany of problems with it.
Are you ultimately going to keep it?
I mean is it something?
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
I'm okay.
I keep it.
I feel like it's good.
It's a good module to accompany clouds and and typhoon and monsoon rather.
But to me it is not like a replacement.
Absolutely.
It's a lot of territory.
I'm also I'm getting a lot of great stuff out of it that is different than what I'm
getting out of my suit.
I think ultimately that sounds like I'm having a more positive relationship with the the
beats than you are.
I do like what I'm getting out of it.
I do like the clarity like you said like the the audio quality is noticeably improved.
Oh yeah, especially with some of the monsoons that I've had like some of those modules I've
noticed get a little muddy a little shitty with the low end.
It just kind of loses some of the base and also even with higher pitch stuff there's
clear aliasing even if you're in 16 bit mode.
So yeah, something with like the converters and beads in the modes that you can select
sound significantly better to my ears at least.
Yeah.
I can run complex beats through it and I don't feel like I'm losing you know anything from
the source which is nice very transparent and I do like being able to seamlessly blend
from like normal mode into delay mode and then you know hit the clock with like strangely
timed clocks and make things go crazy especially in like the beat repeat type of mode when you're
freezing it while it's clocked in delay mode.
Fuck yeah.
Pretty nice.
That's what I wasn't going to get one until you made that clip with the delay mode type
shit and I was like okay this is like very interesting and then when I got it I used
it and I was like cool this is fun and I was like playing with it for half an hour
and I was like what the fuck am I doing with this you know like kind of just like musically
I'm like what are you what are you going to do with this thing and I was like on the
edge of selling it I'm like cool I could sell this for what it is it's hard to get right
now and then it was the delay mode shit and then I was like oh okay like I kind of know
what I can do with this that isn't just a delay and it's just more like in my mind
it locked and I'm like oh you're just kind of like spraying these things around in time
and I'm like cool which I get like from granular stuff but it's all in how you approach it.
Sure.
And I have the R301 which can do a lot of this stuff already granted not like can't change
the grain shapes quite as well and things like that so.
Even that mode is it's kind of based off of like that camera all exact repeat mode firmware
which you know came out so it's interesting to see beads incorporating all the stuff that
other people have kind of also devised as like you know ways for clouds to function.
I feel like it just doesn't take it to the next level enough for me to be like super
super excited about it but I am having fun with it absolutely.
The other day I was slicing up some breaks on my poly and tracker and just running it
through that mode and just having a fucking like break core fuck fest with it you know
it was a blast but it works very well for that.
It kind of like if as rings is to elements they should do like what's the big you know
brother of beads there's still like another module they could make there that would be.
Which someone did with clouds the super super.
Oh yeah yeah.
So yeah I would like to see the super cell version of beads absolutely.
Exactly.
So have we litigated beads enough?
We've dragged it through the dirt.
Yeah.
Giving it praise and then chopped it back down shoved its face in the mud.
So you're not a little pretty little princess anymore are you?
So does anybody have anything else that's not super booth related?
Because all of the rest of my notes are super booth related.
I think we do.
Yeah we got some things there.
We got some bang.
Why being cagey?
Why are you not telling me what they are?
Why are you keeping our listeners?
We are listeners.
We are the wheels of it for the listeners exactly.
I had something that I wanted to bring up real quick before we dip in a new shit.
Go for it.
I wanted to take a step back.
Oh.
To our previous episode.
Episode 32.
What did I say wrong in the 32?
No you're fine.
But we did criticize or ice especially criticize the LXR2.
Oh yeah yeah.
And was really not into the fact that it lacked a lot of features that the original
LXR had.
It was days after we put out that episode Erika Sense released a new firmware which kind
of rectifies some of those complaints.
Do you think it was you?
Do you think that they did it because of you?
Absolutely.
That's 100% accurate.
It was all hands on deck.
We just heard a podcast where these features are missing.
We cannot disappoint them.
They might not even have known those features were missing.
They might have forgotten.
They were like oh shit we just got called out by the 6x dumpster crew.
They had their emergency 9am meeting because we released the episode.
They were all gathered.
We were like well we got to listen to it.
Imagine the panic that hit that room when we started talking about it.
They said no one's leaving this meeting room until we get this shit fixed.
Pronzo and then a few days later yeah.
They came out with the new 1.2 firmware.
It adds a lot of the stuff that I considered pretty important to the LXR.
Micro time.
Micro timing, ratchets, synth parameter editing and performance mode.
They say new effects and bunch of fixes on the website.
It's pretty fucking vague.
But yeah I'm curious to hear what those new effects and bunch of fixes are all about.
Maybe one of those fixes were fixes the bug that I saw were turning one knob made parameters
change on a different map.
That would be a bit weird.
I returned mine so quickly because I was frustrated with it and just didn't feel like an LXR sequel
to me.
This makes me consider getting it again and giving it another fair shot with these fixes.
I would like to see more details in the patch notes.
It doesn't give me 100% confidence that everything that I encountered within my short period
of owning one has already been fixed.
Who's to say that you just didn't get a manufacturing problem?
The right back should have been hardware problems that were causing what you have.
If you got it again you wouldn't run into them.
Basically having different hardware and these fixes might be the thing in the box that you're
looking for.
Nothing that I encountered was game breaking.
It just was disappointing because on top of all the features that were missing from the
original LXR that I was expecting to have in there, you just had these weird random little
bugs and glitches.
I was just kind of like this.
This can go back to the store right now.
I'm not going to be dealing with this.
I feel like even with the original LXR I will get random weird glitches.
But I've always charged that up to me being a small company.
I made the kit that firmware has just been kind of abandoned.
There's almost my expectations for lower at some point and been like, "Well it didn't
crash."
I think I got lucky, but you hit yours with MIDI don't you?
Yeah.
I have touched MIDI input online ever.
It's always just been a clock and that's it.
I think it's pretty known in some ways that if you send any MIDI data that's going to
stack on there shit.
And having the 60 knobs on top of that.
And I also used to see the outs a lot.
Like the back of it, I'm putting it through its paces in a way that is probably just more
likely to run into bugs.
That's one thing they claim they fixed in this new one is the clock input.
Oh cool.
The analog clock input.
Yeah that is definitely a buggy piece of shit on the original.
Absolutely.
I thought I just built the expander incorrectly.
Same here.
Yeah I remember saying, "Hey you up?" and I was like, "Hey man I can't get this work."
You know like, "Yeah it just doesn't."
Oh shit.
Okay.
I know I didn't solder something wrong.
Good on them for quickly releasing a new firmware.
That gives me the Mormon fuzzies that I was hoping I would get from Erica taking this
over.
They're going to be super attentive to this.
They're going to be on top of it.
They're going to make it great.
Well unfortunately though, all of those aren't available for the first version yet.
Yeah that's what I was just going to say.
I was trying to check their GitHub or anywhere.
Oh like backwards.
Yeah.
Which I said was going to be the case.
They said as they were moving forward that whenever they could.
I didn't even consider that.
Yeah whenever they could they were going to apply that to the original firmware.
Or for the firmware for the first version.
And so far I don't think that's happened at all.
Yeah well three days after this episode comes out we'll be expecting that new release.
Absolutely.
I apologize in advance to the developers who now have to work 24 hours a day under terrible
conditions in order to meet our exacting demands.
That's right.
Yeah.
So if I stick stumps it will put you on blast.
Cancel culture.
Cancel Erica's sense until they make the LXR great again.
Instead it.
Yes.
Are you actively looking for one?
Are you seriously considering getting one?
Or are you just sort of like at the moment?
No at the moment.
My desire kind of passed because when I returned it you know I bought the machine drum again
and that's keeping me occupied.
Yeah.
There's always room for more drum machines.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Do you feel better getting that off your chest and sort of eating that crow?
Yeah it's good clarification.
Good update.
Yeah.
See we can admit we're wrong.
Absolutely.
Which is every episode.
Oh yeah sure we're wrong about something.
We are definitely wrong about something in this first like 20 minutes or whatever we
were talking about.
Yeah.
Like 100%.
And we'll be wrong again.
The module is called Bard's actually.
Jesus Christ.
So Nick did you have anything before we get into Super booth?
Yeah I don't know.
I had metropolis I figured we would touch on and then industrial music electronics I
haven't written down as hard as Mark three.
Yeah I want to hear your take on that stuff.
Yeah that one definitely the Mark threes.
The bucke I never knew I wanted even though I kind of wanted a bucke tip top audio we should
talk about that too.
But yeah the Mark threes.
So I've had the Lester for a while since you know you got the Lester and then I got mine
after and have been really liking that but I've been digging into presets a little more
after the Harlequins and getting that and it was just really had my eye on the piston
Honda because I love my Mark one one of my favorite oscillators not diminished by the
arrival of the Mark three at all even though they're very different beasts.
But yeah that whole setup was more intriguing so I took a leap on a piston from Toman because
they were in stock because they went out of stock forever because of a part shortage
and shit like that.
But um the Mark three piston to start off I also got the Kermit not too long ago so those
two came to the mix and they're both fucking incredible.
Some of my favorite modules I've ever purchased period I just think the designs on them are
fucking like so well thought out like the way the presets work is so simple but so flexible
I've never seen it in that way at anything in your rack at all because you have different
modes for the presets that you can do like simple shit like default so when you turn
on the module goes into preset mode so if you're playing live you don't have to like
set each one to preset mode manually and go into it.
You only get eight presets in the whole system but it's like brilliant the way it works because
you can just have a CV going in that scans through them like you know scans through them
sequentially or morphs through them all you get of it just more for the parameters or
more everything that happens on the module.
When you get the module and you put it in preset mode that locks out all the other controls
which some people don't like but I totally see why it's that way you can get out of that
mode quickly too but you can also just have triggers go in and iterate each one going
forward.
He also put in fixes so that the CV when you use multiple passively molted inputs on
the preset it doesn't the loading effects like don't fuck with it so it's like it works
like really well so for I'm very excited for live use and the cool thing is it would
also work with the Harlequins context like I just use one of those outputs to also go
in and control everything and then I have three other modules that I kind of preset
with.
So you're talking about just like having one thing as like an offset.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Just having an offset in that Harlequins context going in and managing all the CVs on the
Mark 3 shit.
It's something that presets and the fact that that's cool and flexible and like wow
Scott designed a preset system that almost anybody would want to use that doesn't use
the fucking awful select bus shit that's on you know the extra pin on the bus boards.
We have the Mark 3 piston sounds fucking amazing.
I love it but there are also some things it doesn't have like it doesn't have more discontinuity
for some reason which is a really good CV controllable effect on the Mark 1 piston which
sounds like really fucking good.
It lacks the flaw that the Mark 1 and I think the Mark 2 have where if you send it too much
voltage on one side and leak out through the other which I really like and people you
know I think he retained that on purpose on the Mark 2 actually.
Yeah it was on it too.
So much which I use all the time for effect and really like the ability to disrupt that
shit.
But the nice thing is the Mark 3 has the SD card where you can upload the wave edit
shit which I haven't tried yet because I'm just trying to get familiar with what's there
first because I'm skeptical sometimes of like yeah can I design a wave table that's
better than what Scott did I could probably find something that I would like that's maybe
more mellow in some cases but for the most part it's all kind of covered if you actually
like just learn it.
That's how I've the Erica graphic VCO where you can edit I thought I was going to use
a shit out of that.
Yeah.
I've made like five genuinely different and usable things total.
Well the most part everything's covered like especially when you got like huge banks of
waveforms like that.
Yeah.
I also didn't use it as much as I thought.
This one actually has less waveforms than the Mark 2.
He reduced the number before it was like 2048 number.
Yep.
No you're right.
And some reason that number is burned in my head.
Yeah.
2048.
This one's in 8x8x8 cube like kind of like the Mark 1 is.
So I think it was it seemed like the Mark 3's are like Scott like refining all the shit
and being like cool I kind of went ham with the Mark 2 and now how can I make these like
even more playable.
Which takes me to the Kermit which is like quad modulators.
I have a couple of them now Zadar Kermit quad racks.
Saw Kermit and saw like the setup and the fact that it could use the presets and it had
envelopes and LFOs and tempo sync Delafos and some other cool shit.
I was like I've got to try this and like zero grads.
It's one of my favorite quad modulators ever.
I think it's easier to use in the Zadar in a way because it's a little more nopped out.
It's got a lot of combos on it.
There are different button combinations for everything because you've got on the Kermit
you've got A, B, C and D. A and B have like full controls for like amplitude, wave shape
and then pitch or time or whatever.
And then C and D just have like one knob for each.
But you can use the hot hot buttons like the channel buttons I guess on each one hot buttons.
Something totally different.
You can use the channel button on each modulator and then like use the knobs for C and D and
like select the other parameters.
So they're all like full function except it may be C and D don't go as high modulation
wise.
They're like slightly different or something.
But you've got like six banks of like all these other wave tables in there.
There's a VCO mode for each of them which I haven't played with too much.
But sounds like pretty good and weird and he made it like not stable on purpose apparently.
I don't know why.
Just Scott be it Scott probably doesn't want to have too much overlap with the piston I
would think.
Pretty well versed in the pistons.
I had two Mark twos for a long time.
You know what I mean?
I love them.
And I just haven't had the chance to jump to the Mark 3s and you telling me you got the
Kermit Mark 3 recently.
I was like what is that all about?
It's one thing that like I always had enough modulation in my rack.
So I never really got into the Kermit from Scott.
And I was like let's see what this is all about.
And I watched a few demos like this is like almost like a piston junior in some ways.
You know what I mean?
I was like there seems to be a lot of spill over there.
And I could definitely imagine how it goes really well with the pistons.
It's just modulated wave table madness there.
It's got like a global tap tempo with an input too.
Which means like the thing I love is like I love the four milliseconds peg is clocked
modulation is like you know it's fucking techno.
It sounds great to have varied clock modulation.
And this is the only one that will go to like 30 seconds clock divisions.
I find I'm using C and D often to modulate A and B because of the reduced controls because
it's easy.
You just like literally hold down the knob and then hold the other one and it like modulates
it.
So there are lots of like shortcuts you have to remember.
That's maybe a con but I think it's designed well enough that it's like not a pain in the
ass.
It's like easier to use than the Zadar for me like to be able to like edit a fucking wave.
So when you make those sort of combinations and is it do you then have a visual cue as
to what you've done?
That's the one thing.
So you can see the waveform only when you're changing the wave shape mode.
It would be cool if you let you set as default which screen you wanted to go on.
But it's nice how much information he packs into these little screens and how well it
actually works.
It's not like I had that hair mod from Squarp and that was way too fucking small.
Maybe the same size but you were trying to run like a sequencer from that fucking thing.
Like including editing and that was a nightmare.
So we did a great job with that.
Oh another cool feature you can have it use the code of the module as a modulator like
the bucla oscillator used to be able to do.
So he's like oh you can just use my graphical representation of the actual module firmware
to modulate things which is just like a nice touch.
I haven't even tried it yet but I saw that and I was like oh code scan what the fuck's
that?
So I'll use the code as a modulator because it's it's such a clear like reference to
bucla but I've got two other things about the piston Honda too.
People will be able to piece this together but um the FM you get two fucking piston
Hondas in one.
That's like maybe the first thing off the map is you actually get two with external inputs
you can do stereo processing with it which you could never do with the mark one of the
mark two.
It's like double so for the price it's like really fucking good.
The FM between the two is through zero and it sounds ridiculous.
I've gotten shit from that which is like okay.
It almost gets that kind of sound where it's so detailed it almost sounds like a reverb
kind of but it's not it's just really it doesn't shit itself like even an analog oscillator
would against a piston mark one because it's eight sixteen bit so that helps but um it
just sounds like really nice in that regard and I didn't even realize at first like you
get two piston Hondas in one basically with some routing between them.
So that's super like flexible and just to set up all three of those I have like Kermit
above piston and ellaster and just they just sound great as a group I'm getting a lot of
mileage out of it.
That's not just maybe what people generalize harvest manner industrial music electronics
is sounding like.
You can get all sorts of shit out of it.
So one of the things I used to do when I had two mark two pistons was have one in LFO
mode to modulate the other in audio mode.
You're saying this is two pistons and one can you have the second oscillator in LFO
mode?
No I don't think you can't well it's kind of locked double check I think it topped out
at like 200 Hertz or something like that on the low end if you I don't know I can't
answer that question very well right now because I have the Kermit and I always use
that as LFO.
Gotcha.
I don't remember it being able to go.
The mark two it had like a button you know I mean we're just taking LFO mode.
Yeah.
And I loved using it as an LFO to modulate the other piston.
You know it was really cool but I totally forgot I haven't even tried that yet.
It's an LFO.
You really got me wanting a piston mark three now.
Yeah.
Mark three is like it's been gold so far I really like how it sounds.
It's funny because now you really have me wanting a Kermit.
Yeah that sounds amazing.
Kermit is that was I really slept on that module until like I look at it.
I slept on all the Kermit.
What the fuck this is like an awesome quad modulator with tempo sync and you've got like
custom waveforms all these different modes like envelope modes too.
Well say I had the Kermit mark one for a minute but I also had the double and or mark one
at the time and I was like oh yeah.
I don't need this Kermit.
You know like I got this andor and it's got all this way you know waveforms I can use
for modulation and things like that so I got rid of it but and I just kind of fell off
track with the mark two and the mark three iterations of it but sounds like it's come
a long way.
Yeah it definitely has.
They just work super well together too.
Just great designs.
I don't know.
You fucking nailed it.
I love it.
I can't wait to try and use the presets a little more.
I've like checked it to see if it works but I haven't like built the live set with it
yet but I think it'll be pretty straightforward.
We'll see.
Yeah.
I've done a lot of audio processing with it at all.
Yes.
External inputs.
Mark two's.
16 bit external inputs have been a lot more useful for me than the 8 bit on the mark one
I'll say.
I still love the sound of the mark one.
I've been using three pistons for sure but the external input is way nicer with the
extra resolution.
It just sounds good.
Does it have any controls?
On the mark two's you used to have the gain control.
Yeah.
It's frequency turns into gain.
Okay.
Obviously the wave cable change is there's a change where you can make it, oh yeah you
can make it sound more like a mark one piston.
Okay.
There's like a setting that'll degrade a bit.
Where apparently but I think even in 16 bit mode it's really hard to tell the difference
for me.
I'll put up some of those classic banks that the piston mark one has and it's like wow
that's I don't know it sounds exactly the same in some ways.
Cool.
But the FM way clearer.
Yeah no more discontinuity.
There's something I kind of liked on the mark one too about how you switched the ROMs
even though it was a hacked like hold the button and show those windows it kind of stuck
because you couldn't get to it if you had CV going in.
It was just like yeah luck of the draw.
But there's something kind of odd about having the third slider select so much possibly on
the module itself.
Like you don't want to touch that it's more drastic.
It's weird it's like least drastic change on XY is a little more because it's scanning
through the variance of X and other ones like whole ROMs kind of.
And how many are there per slider?
Just eight and eight.
Okay.
Strange touches though like even when you're on the screen it's always like one one two
two like Scott puts like weird stuff in there when you select through it all.
It's like you're not scanning through one through eight.
Oh and another nice thing is um I love this do the way the wave tables are designed.
It always ends on the waveform it starts off at even though it's not symmetrical you
can always get to like I know if it starts sign you can always get exactly to that sound.
So you can like it's musically very nice because you can get to the point you want to
and then scan through it the other way but it's like this point of return that you know
about.
Oh yeah and then fucking tuning um the way it does it it's always quantized but there's
like some slew between the values.
I love it shows the note value on the piston of what it's playing.
So I'm able to like go to my sequencer and knock it up and octave and see the like D1
went to D2 or something like that.
It's just really nice you know like oh yeah that's exactly in tune and it's really easy
to get it back in tune.
Huge improvement I wish every oscillator had a similar model.
It's fucking yeah it's just really refined um even though I like the Mark 1's a lot which
we were talking about before the Mark 1's are no slouch.
This has made me look more for like older Mark 1 modules too.
I'd love that time so far.
Yeah I can do it exactly.
I always miss my Mark 1 times far too.
I've owned one three different times.
I like because I'll go you know I'll spend a lot of time with it.
I'll do a shit ton of recording with it and I'll be like okay I got everything I need
to get out of a Mark 1 for a time far right now.
I don't need this right now and then I sell it and then I'm like okay the month later
I'm like fuck the third time though that's ridiculous.
Yeah by that point you should have figured it out that you want one and you should just
keep it.
Yeah the first two it's like okay that we get it but like the third one that's that's
entirely on you.
You got a lot of mileage out of that.
I remember you back in the day.
That was probably my favorite mod.
There was point time where I had to like sell most of my modular stuff and all I kept was
a dope for beauty case that had my time Safari Mark 1 in there with the sound of thunder
expansion and a waggle bug.
And that kept me fucking happy for a while.
I got so much mileage just out of those two modules you know me and just running external
sound through the Safari, glitching it up you know I mean like that was my makeshift
like granular processor box you know what I mean before things like clouds and things
like that existed like I love the time Safari.
I've enjoyed the Mark 2 but I feel like the Mark 1 just had a very distinct sound, very
distinct distortion that I could get out of it.
Very interesting noises like there was times where I wouldn't even route anything through
it I would feedback patch it and just find interesting patches using you know the sound
of thunder expanders to make interesting just noise that I would record you know what I
mean and unshape and sculpt but yeah I love that module and it's like impossible to find
you know and also there was a lot of variance between them you know I mean like every Mark
1 time Safari did not sound like the next you know I mean some of them have very distinct
sound some of them are noisier than others you know I mean things like that so and I
think there were some minor changes with like Ninja updated firmware between them too so
very unique module you know that was all based off of the fucking SK1 right you know
so probably hard to even make these days you know I mean like I don't know if it used
like actual chips from the SK1 or if it was just inspired by I forget I know Scott explained
it to me back in the day but I'll be damned if I remember now but if you if you need
you can have my SK1 I was gonna say I have one too send a Scott yeah that'll be 10,000
dollars and that's what the sound of thunder like expander was supposed to replicate with
certain bends that Scott knew because Scott was well versed with the SK1 to that for a
fact I think before he started making harvest man modules I think that's what he was doing
for people was circumventing SK1's yeah there's a million bends on it yeah because that's
the one I have I was supposed to do the table beast mod for someone else and then only now
might remember I agree to do that that's why you have the SK1 that's why I have it yeah
yeah but yeah I love that module I miss it dearly if I yeah I would scoop one up in a
heartbait if I saw one again too I don't know if I would pay like ridiculous price
gouging prices for it but like a fair price I'd be like yeah I would like that if even
if I don't feel like I need to use it for recording at this point in time I would just
like to have one for nostalgic sake you know I mean yeah you're your your eyes are twinkling
yeah like this thing about like the nostalgia that you're going through right now it made
it onto a lot of different recorded material yeah yeah a lot of Prometheus burning stuff
I think even some early to shovel stuff definitely used it live a lot for Prometheus burning
towards the end there yeah it was just a great module that was one of the modules that got
me into modular yeah you know I mean well if any of our listeners out there have one I
want to send it to Greg and Nick we could just share it we'll do a time Safari time share
mint it super booth stuff the grand booth wait what did we call it at the show we soup
and buns super yeah we call it I know you made a sticky or something you made a note
because we were cracking the fuck up at the time new from Panera bread this is soup and
buns with bungalows or weird little tiny cabins or shallays like I don't know what
the where so that looks like a certain city super booth yeah or like a like a like a
park vibe what else can I really so I think it's probably unanimous amongst this which
which announced and stole the show I don't even have a joke I was going to do a bait and
switch here but like not the the Erica since Perkins HD one right yeah that only thing
that I could remember actually I have it at the top here and it basically there's no note
be beside it because it is like the very obvious the biggest thing yeah like everything else
I had to like take notes for because I might not remember and I took some news for because
there's a lot to say about it it was definitely on the socials the most like people who went
there and like famously people it was always the thing they pointed out hmm everyone had
to have a go with the Perkins I'm probably saying that completely wrong but I feel like
I heard someone say Perkins or Perkins I'm just gonna refer to it as like Perkins like
the restaurant oh or like Perkins like the from Star Wars yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
those pork ins that was yeah I'm gonna think about the restaurant makes me think a secret
in gravy pork pork ins as a Perkins that was a that is a missed cross promotional
opportunity wow well we'll hit up the Perkins and Lucas arts after that's a new Star Wars
scramble Perkins stay on target to your stomach but you know get the fuck out yeah that was
nice thing about being the editor I can just take that out I thought you dare yeah that's
the quality nerd shit people have grown to love and expect it's right it's right it's
right here this makes dumpster up this but however you pronounce it I believe I saw in
the notes that it's Baltic for thunder oh oh yeah yeah thunder kind of theme so Eric since
bringing the thunder oh so every sound demo I heard mmm fucking killed I loved every like
I was that sounds amazing mmm real oh okay you what didn't you like the Heinbach one the
Heinbach one didn't really do it for me that was the first one that came out and I was
like super excited to see this thing in action and I watched that and I was just like kind
of like the codec one the blush response one great blush was great I was a few random
ones from just random people that were actually pretty good you know just fit my brain filtered
out some of the bad ones because the ones that I really enjoyed were like I was bad but
it wasn't the first one that I wanted to hear you know I mean like I'm not a huge fan
of like his production to start with sure and I feel like this machine belongs in hands
of someone a little more aggressive yeah you know I mean and he was I kind of go and gentle
with it and made like kind of a boring repetitive patch honestly I think I'm completely
forgot about it yeah I was really focusing on the ones that I really enjoyed which were
more recent and some of them were from super booth mm-hmm and that's yeah and I was so
there's a lot it seems there's a lot of limitations and I think there is the sort of 800 pound
elephant in the room of it being astronomically expensive how much was it again it's too grand
that's not that's the projection right and for what is on it I agree it seemed and but
we talked about the we sort of talk about this offline and I think we bring it up now
is like yes all of all of those things are true but generally things are more expensive
right now and inflation is happening and part scarcity and all of these things and it's
probably not going to be mass produced in a way that you know like they're gonna have
to make a profit on each of these ones and it's gonna probably take a long time to make
like I'm not trying to justify boutique pricing but that I'm wondering how much of it is not
boutique pricing and simply this is just how much it's gonna cost and if we want to keep
doing this they're gonna have to charge that I kind of yeah I take back what I said I think
after I thought about it a little the lack of bio lack of CV the fact that it's totally
digital is it just like a chip in there with some outputs filters or analogs oh the filters
are in the master effects like I think that's a I think it's an analog BBD chip I could
be wrong here I know the compressor in the saturation circuit I think our analog I think
if I remember right now I take my but the drum voices are definitely digitally I yeah
I remember I had a lot of sticker shock to when I first read that for what it is you know
I mean but I wasn't surprised because as much as I like I recastened stuff I feel like
the prices have been a little high lately especially when it comes with their standalone
type devices centrix is my number one go to to reflect that like I don't think that thing
is a machine that is worth near four thousand dollars oh you don't understand pricing at all
I do gather it's the custom case it's something that all the R&D they put into the pin shit
so this kind of falls in line there with like the the higher pricing of you know their
standalone devices if this machine was semi modular I would be able to shake some of that
sticker show yeah you know but it has not right which is strange because Erica since I think
is primarily known for being a modular manufacturer overall I feel like it just came out of left
field you know what I mean like I don't think anyone was expecting a big hunk and drum machine
like that to be announced sampling it all playback samples no sampling another minus
you're trying to yeah yeah at least to me like I was like we were talking about offline I
feel like I feel like this machine kind of like how you were saying like you know after
two years quarantine people were coming up with ideas one of the things that was blowing
up over the last two years was the Pulsar 23 by Soma yeah and I feel like this was probably
conceived shortly after Erica witnessed the success of the Pulsar and thought okay how
can we tap into this market clearly there's a lot of demand for this type of machine and
they spent the last two years of quarantine coming up with their own contender to throw
in the ring and like even though it's clearly a very different machine than the Pulsar I
think there's a lot of fucking similarities that I would I made notes to point out here
some of them being both machines have four voices only both machines are big metal hands-on
devices they are both totally menu less they both feature an onboard BBD slash delay circuit
and an onboard distortion slash like compression circuit and they both have a very like aggressive
hard industrial vibe and they both cost roughly around two grand so it seems like it's made
to compete with it you know I mean yeah whereas like where they defer is the Pulsar has like
limitless modulation you know like anything can be hit with CV or MIDI or a body contact
or recorded on the sequencer you know like memory recording of parameters like it's so
much modulation possibilities on the Pulsar that I found it very overwhelming you know
I mean like it's limitless whereas looked like Erica kind of was like okay that's where we're
going to stand out and be different we're not going to have that much you know ability
to modulate everything we're not going to have any CV at all things can be I think hit
with MIDI it said it has vast MIDI capabilities but as far as modulation goes it seems to
be strictly only parameter recording on the sequencer or it has an LFO which it says in
description can be mapped to everything but even still like I believe it's a single LFO
oh wow oh holy shit I think it's hard to tell looking at it it's not even like a LFO per
channel no oh that's the so in the early prototype leaks there was pictures showing a joystick
on the right hand corner which in my opinion would have been an awesome addition but that's
been replaced with like the modulation speed wheel now for the I take it the LFO so yeah
the modulation capability seemed pretty limited and I don't know why they couldn't do both
have the joystick and the modulation I think that would have been really cool you know I
mean it was a nice looking joystick right off of like the Cintrex device but maybe it
keeps cost down they've removed it I don't know but so but I mean sonically like did
you think it was a capable machine yes cuz that's the thing I kept coming back to was
like everything you said everything yeah I'm 100% agree but there was a part of the kept
coming back and going like damn but it sounds good like I'd like the way that it sounded
yeah it sounds good but I think I think it would be risky for me because I think I would
get bored with him like that was one of the things that was cool about the Paul Sores like
yes there's only four voices they sound cool on their own but you can do a lot of interesting
sound design with the Paul Sore with this you're lacking a lot of sound design functionality
yes there's a couple on board effects and yes each channel does have its own send return
individual out for routing it through external effects which is cool it is cool but you're
still gonna be very limited with like what you can do with just four voices you know and
how you shape that and I don't see any information anywhere explaining what these voices can do
it says there's three modes for each voice like that's it's kind of cool that each voice
isn't locked into a certain you don't have a BD you know the snare exactly yeah yeah so
that's cool but like what are these three modes I don't fucking know it might only be
kick mode snare mode hat mode right yeah I mean so you're working within three variations
of that or are each of these engine modes like a whole plethora of choices that you can
shape through like each one had a tables or samples or whatever you know or if each one
had different sets of three like this one actually some like you know like they're not
three different hat modes yeah something like that yeah so it's really unclear and it seems
possibly a little too limited for my taste that's fair especially for the price yeah yeah
we'll see I don't know I'm I definitely have my eye on it I'm curious about it I want to
see more demos of it the machine itself looks fucking gorgeous you know yeah yeah and the
fact that there's no menu like that's really appealing to me yeah like a parameter locks
and other stuff in there without that it's pretty cool yeah I that's one thing I hate about
drum machines is having a menu dive into things you know I mean yeah yeah even the the
Roland's like I kind of like the TR8 more than the TR8s agreed because the TR8s is so
dependent on jumping through that tiny shitty little menu yeah I mean whereas like the TR8
kind of lacked that you could just jump in make a rhythm you know yeah so those seem
really good hands-on quick to you know break out a beat on but I don't know like the longevity
of it you know I mean like what I get sick of that sound quickly is the right right right
and can you deviate from that really aggressive sound that it has like you know are you going
to be making IDM stuff on this are you going to be making techno on this are you just going
to be making like industrial like seems like you might be kind of locked into a specific
sound with it right right hard to break out of which might be what they wanted you know
just something that was aiming at a very specific target and yeah I mean even the list
of people that we just referenced for demoing it true but if you listen to any of those demos
blindfolded would you have been able to tell probably not anyone's you know demoed with
that I was talking that up to like this being a relatively new machine that you know I don't
know how long they had to spend with it before they were doing these demos but you're right
if it ends up being like the next round of demos all still sound the same it might just be that's
what it sounds like great that was kind of the just I was getting like the only one that was
different was the Heimbach one which I didn't like but at the same time I still was like okay at least
that demo stood out a little bit I can remember that showed you something rain yeah more so than
all that rest of them because they all had a very similar vibe and everyone was just making like
you know basically four to the floor industrial techno on it which sounded very close to the
next demo of it yeah so I don't know I still go back to I like that sound oh yeah there was a
part of me I was like oh sounds really good but yeah you're right as far as like paying that much
money to sound like everyone else who has one that's not exciting yeah because it's at the point
where you could buy another sequence or in some draw modules and maybe have a lot more flexibility
not pay as much or maybe equivalent that's hard choice right yeah and on the opposite side of
the spectrum for that same amount of money you get the Paulsar yeah which every demo of the Paulsar
sounds nothing like if they're using the machine you know in a capable way and they're utilizing
the CV and things like that like you know that is a highly versatile four voice the machine you know
yeah so I don't know I'm curious to see when this is actually going to come out I think it's supposed
to come out before the end of the year right if I recall that's what that's what I remember I
remember them saying something about that but like I don't know how much that can be trusted at this
point and all of the supply issues so yeah I mean for that type of money it's like I think I'll
stick with my machine drum from now you know what I mean yeah but it would be nice to have something
next to my machine drum that adds a little bit of a different approach yeah but this is not a
casual purchase exactly yeah like so it's I'm definitely gonna wait and see you know for more
demos and see if I like them but I'm definitely gonna be keeping my eye on it I think you're
you're seemed kind of sold immediately so you think you're gonna be pre-ordering or I don't know
what a pre-order yeah because that's a lot of money right that's really the only thing I'm
bulking at is like can I justify that cost for what I'm gonna get out of it and right now it
seems like the answer is yes but actually yeah I mean I don't I don't know if I'm ready to pre-order
anything right now but I don't know if I'm then going to become oh crap I want this and now it's
impossible to get yeah there's definitely that risk I think but that's not a great reason to do
something I'm not a fear of missing out I mean the policy was like that and that was before part
shortage right I mean like it took months and months to be I was like always interested in the
Paulsar but I was more like oh that'd be cool if someone I had one like that was my level of
interest where this I was like this seemed really just resonated with you yeah yeah it really hit me
like I can get a lot of use out of this especially if you have lots of processing that you can
route through those and that could be it but it all depends on how does it sound you know yeah
like like you said was it gonna last in the long run so our manual for it yet and see one
I see one either on the website was pretty fucking vague about stuff um they're pretty good with
manuals I mean they've they've had manuals out before modules came out so um maybe as it is it gets
closer and they nail down what everything does I'm extra curious about the sequencer I'm wondering
if like there's a mode because it's four lanes you know I mean I'm wondering if you can have all
four lanes while you're editing a voice be dedicated to that voice for that moment so you have like
64 steps at your disposal you know instead of like 16 that would be nice yeah then you hit a button
and then you're on the next voice and you have 64 step you know I mean like yeah let me curious
if they're doing anything like that um especially having 64 steps all right there in front of you
that's what I'm saying that would be really nice like I don't even know if that's possible I don't
know if it's you know you only get the four lanes and each lane is dedicated to each voice that
you know at a time or well maybe it wasn't possible but you just put them idea in their head and
food for thawl yeah that's the great feature I I would like to see that for sure that would be
awesome yeah the sequencer layout and the keys on it reminds me very much of their drum sequencer
module yeah I'm hoping there's a lot of functionality from that module in this thing and it seems like
there is it looks like there's like some looks like you can do some time fuckery and some ratcheting
and things of that nature probably probability if I recall there's in there so yeah I think so
since it seemed like a pretty powerful sequencer just it would just be extra nice to be able to
have 64 steps you're supposed to at a time you absolutely agree yeah um
because they're they're already there you know what I mean it's I mean what the what you just
described makes sense so hopefully they're listening and or already did it but yeah a lot
a lot of questions how does the compressor sound how does the bbd sound how tight can it go
right into getting the car plus strong type territory how long can it go you know who knows
questions questions questions that need answers it's still the show yeah super booth but yeah
little steal our hearts um so yeah I agree I think that was the
I hadn't told above everything else uh well what else was that super booth godfather
that caught my attention but enjoy electronics it is yes Nathan godfather also caught my eye
great video yeah as I said before we even get into what it is let we have to give
mention to that video yeah that was stellar probably the best module uh slash gear
demo video I've ever seen I don't know how well not demo video but like an ounce or it was a teaser
it was a teaser I'm trying to think of what even the second best one was I would say my
second favorite probably the old school um electron ones with um Hector Hector oh yeah those
those were cool yeah I like those um I'm this Hector but but this I mean you want to
describe what happens in it I mean it's just like a playoff the godfather you know I mean
there's some shady looking Italian gentlemen and fine dress suits in a gorgeous car yeah which
I forget the name of uh john luke did tell me what the hell that thing was called the
not forget it was a Fiat something it's a classic car classic Fiat but yeah pristine
conditional black very nice looking uh john luke made sure to tell me that uh I should never
consider even trying to get in one he said I'm way too tall he was like you'd be sticking out the
roof I was like oh okay um yeah pretty pretty cool little car and they're just you know walking
around with a briefcase you know it's looking like some mobster type shit and then they go to
a capo of some sort uh you know a crime boss looking dude sitting at a table and they pop open
the briefcase and there is the godfather effects processing unit and uh it's just well done you
know it's cute yeah um I like to see you know a little bit of imagination like that with a product
announcement you know yeah yeah definitely I totally agreed and like once I saw the demos of
it later I was like oh shit that's that one like it did do a good job of sort of like putting
it to forefront of my of my brain sure I would agree with that so what does it I actually don't
know at all what it does because while I saw the teaser I didn't look at it beyond that
enlightenment so it is a four channel uh processor audio processor um the left side is uh saturation
double pulse delay reverb filter and the right side is reverb delay
uh LFO and compressor uh and it looks like there's some sort of routing between all of these
different channels double pulse delay like a gate delay I think it's I think it's kind of like a
more evolved delay circuit of what is featured on their reminder oh okay okay I could do some
crazy shit um I'm willing to bet that it there's not too much spillover like you know I mean I
don't realize that was the same same company yet okay that was their first big hit um and now
they're following up with this you almost got a reminder I had one for a while um and I liked it
um but I just didn't have this space you know I mean like for outboard processing at that time
I'm kind of now that I have more space because I have a new house I'm considering going like you
know a little bit more of the outboard processing again so this definitely caught my eye as well
you know so far I'm like okay that could be cool could definitely route like the machine
drum through this you know I mean things like that is the same size yeah yeah looks like kind of
like a similar form factors and it sounded good like all the demos that they were they were showing
uh in versatile they there's a couple of different influencers and youtubers coming up and like
asking for demos um and it's telling there was a for like a real variety of different uh stuff
it could do yeah I I hope it's less menu divey that was one thing I didn't like about reminder like
it was very versatile too um like it had like some hidden features like on board reverbs and
things like that and you could change different things within there there's a little like I don't
want to say it was super menu divey but like there was a lot of functionality that was like
you couldn't just twist the knob and get it you know I mean like when it did seem like godfather
did have a screen and had a lot of stuff yeah yeah and and I didn't I didn't obviously catch
everything it did it just seemed like it had a lot of different modes there's a lot of different
things that you were doing on the screen um so I don't know if that's something to be a little
concerned about there's a lot more knobs than on the reminder that's for sure oh that's good
I'm glancing at it now there's at least there's like 30 some knobs on this that's a lot more
surface buttons and knobs right right so you're not doing everything from a parameter value knob
combination yeah it's uh apparently 60 hp and can be racked if you want it to be so I guess they
built this with modular in mind which is kind of cool um they actually had it in one of those
three tier mooks synths stands for the demos hmm was there ever a price mentioned I'm looking
for that now I am a possible release date but I didn't I kept looking for the price and I couldn't
find it anywhere I'm looking at this article and even the person who wrote this article says I didn't
catch a price but they are going to be open for pre-orders in a couple months so I guess this is
a 2022 release I don't think this is something that's going to be out tomorrow um was the reminder
your rack or was that destiny okay it was pure desktop and it was pretty long if I recall um I
think that would have been longer than like your standard rack but it was a nice box you know yeah
it's great I wanted one just halfway because the box because it looked nice to use and I figured
if they were gonna bother with something like that it would be worth it yeah I'm glad to see them
you know coming out with more stuff because like the reminder was pretty successful from you know
what I gathered looking at like the Kickstarter and stuff you know I mean like um so that was a
while ago yeah it took them a while to roll them out to something like that like the reminder I
think was like around four or five hundred bucks yeah I would bet something like this is probably like
$6.99 that's what I was just guessing like $600 something yeah it feels like I'm shifting a lot
of my processing back in the box lately like from audio wise like I use the effects aids and I don't
count like beads or some other stuff like that but um just like the standards I would spin using
the shit out of my UAD stuff and eat Apollo too because it's sometimes I forget it's there and
then I realized that it sounds fucking great I don't need much CV control and the recall is kind
of worth it but yeah just been shifting that way a little more funny considering like we were all
hyped on stereo for a minute or at least I was but no I'm not so much anymore no yeah I still kind of
am um doesn't surprise me yeah I don't know why exactly because it makes everything more of a pain
in each other but um it's useful sometimes yeah I mean obviously I just I don't know I like to do
a lot with space you know yeah I feel like you know you achieve that with weird stereo field
shit you know I mean like no matter how much you pan a mono signal it's still going to be a mono
signal you know I mean it's like I don't know it's hard to create it's hard to make sounds
wrap around your fucking face yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm on but oh absolutely yeah you need something
or at least we do but yeah the effects aids I still use and modulate the show but I still have
yet to get one and I need to that so below is my fucking line yeah considering how much I can do
like even if I don't like I don't need reverb in this I can use something else there's been
some specific type of effects I wished I had in modulate lately and I would like dig around
on modular grid trying to find it and oh only one thing pops up yeah okay it's like yeah yeah
anything you can dream up generally he'll probably build in the things it's worth it absolutely so
wait super birth that so that was sorry I have um and a couple other things on my list um one was
ritual electronics they have a bunch of new things um I I think I just like them there's just
something about like I think I totally miss this like the stuff that like new one you stuff yeah
new one you stuff and um I think I don't know I just generally feel like I'm like on the same
page with them like they're the only like outwardly a cab manufacturer yes yes so they've got that
going for exactly those are pretty fucking great absolutely and everything is like and listen to
how noisy this is and like it's the noise that I like and I'm just like oh man I kind of want
to hang out with you guys yeah um so I might be standing for them a little bit um just because
I I must be drawn like I don't remember what these guys make like french dudes they make the
meosma they make their this shit's always black with like gold accents they make that meosma
distortion yeah we have the one you guillotine modules I think we talked about this yeah we did
talk about guillotine and they make a couple of like pedal interfaces yeah um and they also make
things that they announced at super booth what do we got such as um they have something that's
just um a little um one you noise generator for pink white and his which is a high pass on white
and rumble which is a little pass on pink outputs and it's probably the least interesting thing
that they're making but like I'll probably end up grabbing one because it's a tiny little noise
generator um but what is interesting is the I'm going to butcher this fucking name the ruse
cell mall oh yeah it's like it's not a french to me oh it's french shit you sold me on it
Trebiel um it is an eight it is an eight stage shift register uh it has two uh eight gates and two
cv and it's generated from one gate signal and then another input um like whatever like whatever
you want to send to it and this is where things get a little rough because my notes um
a they got chewed by a cat and you'll see um yes and first off they're trying to make they
are working to make it compatible with the um Turing machine expansions oh like pulses and yeah
all of those um there's a reset input and what's interesting is it there's an uh
xor input adds random to it which I think is an interesting twist and that's a one new module
okay yeah they're obviously fired up for making things in one new so um and then the other one is
um Greg this might be up here Ali because you like a good comparator shoot uh this is called
reprosial this is probably like offensive level of like bad french like I'm I apologize to any
of our French listeners um so it's a comparator with um threshold and it has gates triggered and
bipolar out depending on the input level and the threshold itself is cvable I like that yeah and
as a one you one you yeah I still don't have any one you compatible racks but I'm going to soon
because there's a company that's making something pretty slick and I forgot to put notes so maybe
next time um but yeah there's something I'm tracking now on mod wigglers um these guys are making
racks that are intelligible you know compatible racks that fit in through you and that layers
them up so you can oh shit you can have a row of three one you yes but they do do they do the power
because I've seen these they have something that is a solution for it I believe that's awesome um
yeah so I don't know how it fully works yet but I'm paying attention I didn't pay too much
attention to it just yet because the modules that I wanted that were one you were bigger than what
the racks were that they were offering right what they said that will be the next goal and they had
a little survey to see who's be interested in what sizes and what formats I can tell you only or
other ones so I filled that out let them know that like the ones I wanted I think were 24
HP one use like the IntelliJel multi-effects yeah the step sequencer I think those are both
around 24 so yeah um I'll be able to join in the fun with you guys with one you shit hopefully you
and being able to sort of put it off on its own like that I don't know maybe it's just the way
my brain works but like the three you stuff is like the the meat and to have the little row
sitting at the top on the little garnish yeah exactly and so good for utilities absolutely
yeah and and right now I don't have any one you space left every every fucking HP is taken I do
have some I was actually rearranging the one you stuff before I came over here and um switched out
to another output of my gel 7u instead of the input because I need another stereo pair but um
I was thinking uh yeah I need to figure out what to put in there and I saw the
comparator from ritual electronics and that was one of the ones that I was thinking might go in
there yeah so I don't have a good comparator right now I don't either I have been using math
this is one which I usually do again I maybe I fall in love too easily Greg but I've really
yeah I'm really really stoked on what ritual is doing um and
I don't really want to get into the dread to the dread box nymphs yeah I have a lot like that's
super fucking offensive like fuck them maybe I did get into it and that's I can expand on it more
but I don't fuck them they're well they're pretty like not great defense about it right or like
they're like here's what we're doing to I only saw the edges of it and was like oh that's sad each
note sues the pain of an abused woman away fuck you oh yeah I didn't I don't think I saw that
that's fucked up so I missed all of this you missed yeah it I thought like originally when
you were saying like you might touch upon it I thought you just didn't like the functionality of
Oh the scent itself is fine no the machine itself is fine I wouldn't have been interested in it it
it seems a little underwhelming name didn't even like register on my brain yeah and I definitely
didn't hear this shit yeah they've got like a highfalutin but like incredibly misguided like
concept behind it and it's um really this is for this is dedicated to and for abused and
mistreated women okay and again maybe on paper that is not a bad motivation but then to trivialize
and use it as is like using trauma as a cross marketing scheme is fucking terrible and then
the say shit like each note sues their pain away it doesn't fuck you fuck you for trivializing
yes kind of pain yeah it is that is horror is it like it's like pink to and do they need you
infer like oh this is you know it's a woman's you know there's everything it's like why do they
have to bring that gimmick into just just put the synthesizer out and then make a donation or
something exactly yes there is a there was a way if you were genuine about your concern and you
wanted to be involved there's a way to do it and this was not it yeah they fucked this up and it's
offensive you know like they were like they could have done this in such a way that was like genuine
productive bringing like you know like hey this is something we need to talk about something that's
important to us that nothing about what you've done suggests you actually give a shit about this
yeah you just say that you donate x percentage of something to some organization and people like
I'll see that and be like oh shit I'll look to you for a few two things if you're just like low
key like helping instead of like high key it's offensive shit exactly by our synthesizers
melt away people's dramas yeah it's not much problem works no so okay I I guess I did want to
talk about it yeah I'm glad you did because I was totally unaware of any of this like I I
remember seeing the teaser for this like it was just like a shady video showing a box that you
couldn't really make out and you know there was like some drones or something behind it and said
it would be revealed at Super booth and like I could make out enough of the box that I saw it was
just another like little analog desktop box and I was like well I'm not really interested in that
so it just kind of immediately fell off my radar I did not know that there's all this going on
controversy wise with it um but yeah I think it's good that you're bringing it
okay and others who might have also not been aware of that that's kind of shitty yeah yeah it is
yeah yeah I mean it seems like their intent was good but yeah that's yeah there's definitely like
the the hearts in the right place maybe no yeah I mean as someone who has been diagnosed with PTSD
type of thing like if anyone ever if I ever saw a fucking synthesizer being marketed as like
you know curing people of their PTSD if you buy this it'll probably be a big fuck you from me you
know what I mean like what are you thinking yeah no interesting wonder where that came from
no and I don't know where it came from and why no one said hey this might be a business yeah
like this is this is not how this is not how you should do this
I don't know I don't know the story behind it I just know that
I we just all be in result and it was yeah might want to scale that back a bit there trip
yeah I mean it sounds almost like it like a joke oh yes trivializing or you know
it you're right like if it's an important enough matter to you that you're gonna like make this
the subject line of your sin why would you follow it up with something like that that seems so like
that you're not taking it seriously or why would you not stupid joke about it right or why would you
not involve different organizations that are doing this work to try to actually actually have help
not yeah which is a shame too because they have like reasonably priced decent sounding gear
the polyphonic uprising these are the most
lush digital reverb support charities for abused women we do the same very bottom of the
page it is literally the bottom of the page and northerly it's fine that's very big yeah they
don't specify what groups they are look at that graphic I didn't even notice the shadows of women
oh my god oh i didn't want to say what you're saying so that was okay i guess the shadowy thing
that i saw in the teaser was actually supposed to be the figure of women this is bizarre so here's
yeah here's the um here was the tagline the synthesizer is dedicated to all abused and oppressed women
may our voices unite and bring light joy and happiness to this world of injustice and
inequality each time you play a note on the synthesizer imagine that you sued their
pain away and you will become a better human being and synth player what
not even fun like i have to look at this one okay so you're dedicating a synth to abused and
oppressed women that's strange to begin with but then to follow it up with this like i don't have
to imagine i lived in a very broken home for a long time i saw a lot of a domestic violence occur
never once did i think geez i wish some fucking synth nerd out there was making a synthesizer
that would help soothe this boy like yeah what the fuck is that supposed to me i have no idea
that's what i'm saying this is just uh across the board misguided hey mom hold up don't call the
police dread box is releasing a synth it'll be all okay yes we'll be all right sorry i don't
mean to take it that yeah no that's but no that's this is dark territory that it's dipping into
and it's making light of it and it's in a very strange way i don't i don't wrap my head around
it at all it's kind of confusing me yeah and if they're trying to help it's not clear how they're
going about that or they didn't even say like x percentage of sales will be doing exactly like
not even listening what the charities are what they're doing i mean bottom line this synth is not
helping with domestic violence exactly it's doing nothing for them but at the very least maybe they're
donating something but like you should fucking really make that clear like yeah that should be the
that should be the emphasis this is the group we're working with this is how we think this could
be important we're taking this seriously and these are the steps we're taking could be interpreted as
virtue signaling to capitalize off of it a hundred percent like yes that's a hundred percent
so that was something that was on that's that super booth as well and the actual synthesizer as i
listened to it was like you said it was not what i thought you caught this because this one right
past me yeah completely and now i'm just kind of like now i need to i want to look more into this
advance and be like you know where is this coming from and why um interesting like noise
engineering they make it quite clear when they're when a module is being used like to you know
generate revenue for them to donate to something yes cause like the cause is forefront right and
very clear and explicit this is the group you can research this group and find out for yourself
if you want to help contribute to this group the message is clear and they don't market it as a
hey every time you buy a module you're saving a a penguin yeah exactly yeah something it's like
that would be completely false right yeah like how do you back up that claim like and it's not even
but it's not even buying it's it's when you play it you're like imagine soothing their pain oh
do you cannot and also do you understand do you understand how offensive somebody that you think
you're helping is taking this like you think that's all it takes is that really i can't i can't
help but like laugh like i can't get going because it's just so fucking absurd to me like that's
ridiculous but no i think you're right i think the noise engineering is an example of
how you do it correctly and how you do it respectfully and how you do it in a way that like
like it's it's genuine and earnest and everything is upfront and forward facing like
that like that's the way you do this like if you're taking it seriously and they obviously are
very serious about this noise engineering i mean they're very serious about the causes they're
participating they don't have to be coy they don't have to be cagey they don't have to do it in this
absurd way yeah i don't know if i want to end on that on that no we gotta bring it back up what
else you got okay so i got um this one thing i did want to mention is um but facko the plethora
yeah so it is i'm going to preface this and this probably a shitty way to put it but like i don't
think i would need something like that now but there were definitely times like as i was like
did more stuff with noise and did more stuff with like less gear there are there are going to be
people out there that are really fired up for this oh is it called the plethora it is called the
plethora yeah and um some of my notes are it's a hole in there's a hole through it um but it's um
three channels um and you have access to a database of noise textures and clusters that um
sequels over database it is all through sequel servers so you have to know sequel um but you know
there's a lot of built-in queries and joins you know you see two instances yes um so there's
independent outs and then there's a third channel of just dirty outputs and they have
gritty filtered and white noise and so the first two channels have independent filters
and like their own controls over these like databases of different noises and um textures
like samples yes but it wasn't clear like what the samples are or if they are generated through
if there's something generative about them this wasn't like it's generating these textures
or is it just playing back it was not clear um there might be more information do they use the
term database they didn't literally use the term database um weary the module i like it um
but yeah i mean the sounds that they were getting us they were like going through these different
kind of able high availability yes for that secondary and crash oh god we're fucking nerds
yeah seriously tech nerds wow they use they just they use it's their fault they use the term
they use the term database so database module but it sounds that we're getting uh like someone
who is looking for a small footprint to get a lot of different noise and textures um this seems
like it's got a lot of noise and textures yeah this seems like it's a fucking love database
wow and it's everything and it's probably a buffeto we've got to get track record yeah um
give it to you so there's one other thing i want to mention and this is not really related to the
music oh i think it's um 100 hp no it's i think it was on the order of like 16 104 hp
someone said what is the widest module boy let's continue
listeners please uh we've got the thickest wide food what's the thickest bitch out there
well i had one thing i was surprised it was on your list i thought maybe you would bring it up
is the wall roof one no no what is it uh the winter modular collaboration with plankton
electron shit i didn't see them i didn't see it um at super booth i saw it oh was it i saw it from
their website they did a little teaser before super booth you know they posted a couple youtube
videos um given like an overview and things like that then yeah super booth was like the big reveal
showed off the oh let's go i somehow missed that yeah i just saw the the teaser mmm it was over there
with the other plankton stuff they had some things that they were showing off oh cool um
i was pretty largely unfamiliar with plankton before this announcement um it seems like for the
most part they're just known for like releasing effects modules they uh they had something called
spice it was like a big multi-effects box that had like a filter and distortion and their distortion
as it seems to be based off of this corg new tone inspired vacuum tube distortion okay okay um
not the first module to use that there was that plasma whatever the fuck yeah oh so you can take on
the aricle one yeah yeah plasma drive that's the yes i believe it's like a fluorescent tube oh yeah
remember this spice thing i was remember being kind of interested in this so some of the modules
they're showing off were like it's like they've broken down spice into individual components and
released modules that were a little more versatile like you can get a dual distortion uh you know
using this new tone tube uh they had like the filter broken out and i think like an envelope
follower things like that yeah um which is cool nothing really caught my eye there but the zaps
percussion module definitely caught my attention um the concept of it and like the layout reminds
me very much of a vst plugin that i used to use and cannot remember the name of um i know i used to
use it and plug but duel a lot um remember who made it nope i'm not micro tonic it was a slide no
it wasn't micro tonic um but it was some sort of drum synth it might have just been called drum synth
oh i think i remembered drum or something actually i forget that might have been something else entirely
but i know it was like kind of like an FM based slider you know looking um not not too many bells
and whistles but i would hit it with a lot of randomization and plug with duel and bring it to life
yeah and make like glitchy percussion with it and this looks to be like the hardware version of that
you know i mean like it seems like the point of this is to not create static percussion but to
create like evolving percussion oh that's cool which is like what i like to do in modular you know
are they going for something subtle like like no like a drummer would do or you're talking about
like full on like full on like like totally right not totally um yeah not sequence wise but like
parameter wise you make a drum sound that is constantly shifting um it has a lot of randomization
options like you can randomize the whole patch um and then you can save that as a snapshot
and then you can modulate your way through these snapshots that's a fun or you can just
CV the randomization options and you also have the ability to set what level of randomization
and on what parameters sort of like i used to do implode but duel so it doesn't have to be totally
wild randomization exactly like you thought along yeah right which is what i used to do in
bedoll with that type of thing and it was cool because you know you could have a sound that was
just shifting in certain ways and not in others you know every time it would strike or whatever
so the ability to do this with a modular now and have snapshots of it too that i could
morph it has morphing too so you're not just balancing between yeah snapshot you can actually
like do morphing uh really exciting reactor kind of yeah maybe it was re-astered that i did this
yeah i can't remember at all but it's been a while but as soon as i saw it it like triggered that
memory in mind like oh this reminds me something that i used to use can't quite put my finger on it
but like regardless even if i didn't have like you know some sort of nostalgia for something like
that like in itself like of itself rather it's pretty appealing to me i've been trying to not do
modular drums anymore but if i were to get back into it i think this would be the module i would
grab in a heartbeat um it's it's a little weird to me that plankton is doing this because i don't
think they have any other sound generators or voices out but with winter module and with winter module
on top of that he's kind of gone like a wall on the ela cleansing yeah like to say the least so like
i don't know how i feel about this collaboration right like i don't like how winter has handled
the firmware for the ela quons are so far um but like i guess they were shifting focus to this so
maybe this got a lot of good attention it was used as a reason at one point not work on the ela
quons are for a minute it was like i'm working on something else now and it was this was i don't
know if we talked about this before but after not dropping that update the pandemic update uh since
like you know 20 to april 2020 um and it's still not out apparently um like oh we're working on
this instead even though it was like one fix that needed to be made uh to the code like a year later
but yeah it's strange like what is the part that they're playing in this yeah maybe a manufacturer
maybe or yeah or maybe they were just adding like you know some of these generative functions to it
or something yeah i mean like i don't know like maybe the display um possibly plankton
actually maybe it's that because the ela quons are certainly as a display
people always ask why don't we just do this live oh my god there's reasons yeah there is reasons
i have so much dirt on all of you
fuck i mean that's 100 percent staying in right yeah i eat
no you're gonna be on the fence i'm gonna be very much on the fence that might be the um
me request my edit now to have you get back in yeah let's stay in all right maybe at the end
maybe after the outro okay
the after credits oh shit that's gonna be hard to keep in that's that's rough